Fixed allows vs allow on Smart contracts page (#7377)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/smart-contracts/index.md

# Introduction to smart contracts {#introduction-to-smart-contracts}

> Smart contracts are the fundamental building blocks of [Ethereum applications](/dapps/). They are computer programs stored on the blockchain that allow converting traditional contracts into digital parallels. Smart contracts are very logical - following an if this then that structure. This means they behave exactly as programmed and cannot be changed.

Reviewer: Nice catch :-) we are modifying the plural noun "computer programs", so this should be singular.

However, the other change (us to convert -> converting) makes the tone less friendly, and I think we should revert it. 

```suggestion
Smart contracts are the fundamental building blocks of [Ethereum applications](/dapps/). They are computer programs stored on the blockchain that allow us to convert traditional contracts into digital parallels. Smart contracts are very logical - following an if this then that structure. This means they behave exactly as programmed and cannot be changed.
```
